# Portfolio Introduction
Hello, my name is Viswa Nadimpalli and this is a portfolio of all the projects I have done so far throughout High School. I have a decent amount of experience with Java, Python, and SwiftUI/SpriteKit, and also minor experience with C and C++.

# Astro Portal
Astro Portal is a level based platformer that I made along with 2 peers in iOS App Development in 11th grade. It is available on the App Store and made primarily using SpriteKit. We made the artwork for the game using Sketch and Google Drawings and spent a lot of time creating maps for each level and the different obstacles in the game. This was my first actual experience with creating a public game, and I was very happy with how it turned out.

# Find My EP
Find My EP is a project that I am currently working on with 3 peers. It is meant to be an app that new students or parents can use to navigate through EPHS by entering the starting room and desired destination. We plan on adding more features after creating the base app and getting it on the App Store. This was my primary introduction to SwiftUI and some UIKit. I chose to make this app because I had previous experience with making a game and wanted to see how making a regular app with different components compares to making a game. The biggest difficulties we have faced as a team so far is figuring out the Zoom interaction with the map UI and creating an algorithm that calculates the shorest possible distance given 2 rooms. So far, we have features such as showing the distance from the starting position to the destination and the approximate time it takes to get to your destination.
